
561 Spirirt Recruitment Fair
Lord of the mysteries

Yes, my messenger has to run very fast; otherwise, it might be killed by some malicious creature in the spirit world, resulting in the loss of important letters… Klein’s mind raced, and he came up with a clear plan.

He took a step back and said in ancient Hermes, “I!

“I summon in my name:

“The spirit that wanders about the unfounded, the friendly creature that can be subordinated, the creature whose speed surpasses imagination.”

Whoosh!

There was the sound of wind, tainting the candles to a dark green and turning the surroundings cold and creepy.

Klein saw a blurry figure rush out, too fast for him to see anything.

After that, he couldn’t find the fellow ever again.

That’s way too fast… Did it already circle the planet several times… Or maybe it’s still there, but it’s too fast for my vision to keep up… Klein’s mouth twitched, deciding to wait a few seconds to see if the “creature whose speed surpasses imagination” would appear again.

He wasn’t worried that the summoned spirit world creature would harm the innocent, as one of the descriptions was of a friendly creature. Besides, as long as he forcefully ended the summoning and stopped the ritual, the creature would be immediately sent back to the spirit world, no matter where the “creature whose speed surpasses imagination” went.

A few seconds later, Klein inhaled after failing to see any response from him waiting. He said with ancient Hermes, “I!

“I end this summoning in my name!”

The chilling air around him instantly vanished as the swirling cold wind died down and the candle flames returned to their normal color.

Klein stepped forward and extinguished the candle, intending to revise the last sentence and try again.

As for the two phrases “the spirit that wanders about the unfounded, the friendly creature that can be subordinated,” he had no intention of changing them. The first sentence was directed at the spirit world, and it could only be replaced with synonyms, so it didn’t matter if he changed it or not. The second sentence was a prerequisite for Klein to ensure his own safety; otherwise, it would’ve been a horror story instead of a hilarious one.

Hmm… I don’t need to use 'surpasses imagination” as an adjective. But others might not meet my needs. Perhaps… I can change my train of thought. A messenger doesn’t have to run that fast. A normal speed is fine. There are other ways to ensure safety. I just need to get malicious beings to ignore it and neglect it… I’ll try a spirit world creature that’s easily neglected… After two or three minutes of deliberation, Klein held a ritual again.

When he was done with the preparations, he chanted a new incantation, “I!

“I summon in my name:

“The spirit that wanders about the unfounded, the friendly creature that can be subordinated, the being who is easily neglected.’”

The interior of the warehouse became abnormally quiet. There was no wind, nor did it turn cold within the wall of spirituality. Even the color of the candle remained unchanged.

Klein waited, watching, hoping for a good messenger.

After about ten seconds, he sighed and looked around.

There’s nothing. The description was of no effect this time.

He didn’t wait any longer and followed the procedure of ending the summoning and extinguishing the candle.

To his puzzlement, the candle flame even shook a few times in the end.

Did I miss something… Klein frowned, and then he relaxed, throwing the matter to the back of his mind.

He reconsidered the question of how to modify the description and continued targeting the third sentence.

I’ll switch to another train of thought. If a messenger is especially good at enduring scuffles and has great survivability, it’s still okay. No matter what, a messenger that can deliver the letter to the target is a good messenger… Klein pondered for a moment, then he held the summoning ritual for the third time.

Amidst the fragrance of herbs and essential oils, and under the dim light of the candlelight, the shadows on his face darted about as his mouth gaped open and closed.

“I!

“I summon in my name:

“The spirit that wanders about the unfounded, the friendly creature that can be subordinated, an extraordinary creature who has extremely high survivability.”

The flame of the candle flared and stretched, illuminating the bright red interior of the altar.

In Klein’s Spirit Vision, white bones drilled out from the ground, overlapping to form what looked like a safe.

I’ve finally summoned something I can see. Furthermore, it’s a creature with extremely high survivability… It looks very much like a safe. Just one look is enough to tell that it’s good at taking a beating… Klein breathed a sigh of relief and spoke in the ancient Hermes, “Are you willing to be my messenger?”

The skeletal creature that looked like a safe quickly indicated its willingness.

Then it wriggled the bones beneath it and crawled toward Klein slowly, very slowly.

It took ten seconds to crawl a centimeter.

… This is way too slow… Klein’s smile froze on his face.

Although messengers completed their mission by traveling through the spirit world, that didn’t mean that they didn’t need speed.

Within the spirit world, distance and orientation were chaotic. The most important thing was to find and lock onto a location.

As long as an accurate, clear, immediate coordinates were provided, such as the summoning ritual just now or a simplified ritual that involved blowing a whistle, then no matter where the messenger was in the spirit world, it would immediately appear within the altar.

When the location wasn’t that immediate and only had a contractual connection or a previous anchor point, the messenger needed to spend time to distinguish the location, roam the spirit world, and search for the target. This required a certain amount of speed.

If it were to deliver the letter, the recipient might not even receive it by the time they die… Klein helplessly thought as he looked at the slowly crawling skeletal creature.

He let the smile reappear on his face.

“After some careful consideration, I think it’s best I don’t trouble you.

“Thank you for your willingness.”

The creature made of illusory white bones stopped. Compared to before, it appeared as though it hadn’t moved at all.

Klein quickly canceled the summoning and rubbed his forehead.

He was a little depressed and had decided to abandon himself to despair. He decided to use a less troublesome method to find messengers, which was “public recruitment, an interview selection!”

After taking a deep breath, Klein calmed his mind and began the ritual seriously.

Looking at the candle flame that was quietly burning, he took a step back and said, “I!

“I summon in my name:

“The spirit that wanders about the unfounded, the friendly creature that can be subordinated, a unique being that is willing to be my messenger.”

Whoosh!

The wind blew fiercely inside the wall of spirituality, and Klein’s half top hat almost flew off of his head.

The candle flame shook and expanded to the size of a human head. It was so pale that it seemed to have lost its body temperature.

A translucent head slowly emerged, as if it had just broken through a thin membrane. Its hair was a light gold color and was smooth. Its eyes were blood-red, and it had an imposing appearance.

Looks a little familiar… Klein silently muttered.

The head had fully shown itself, but what followed wasn’t its neck, but an illusory hand that held the end of the head’s hair.

Behind the palm were complicated patterns, but the color of the cuffs was dark.

The summoned spirit world creature appeared at an increasingly rapid speed, and soon, it was before Klein in its entirety.

It was indeed a familiar “person.” It was the headless woman that Klein had met standing at the top of a castle while he was on his way to Kalvetua’s ruins at the bottom of the sea.

She was no longer as large as a castle like she was before. She was now a tall, “ordinary” woman.

Of course, there were still only cuts on her neck and four identical heads in her hands.

“Did… you… summon… me?” The headless woman in the complicated black dress stood there quietly. Her four drooping heads spoke one after the other in ancient Feysac.

She can directly communicate through words… The level of this spirit world creature isn’t low… I remember you having a castle… You’re already a property owner, so why are you “applying” for the job of a messenger? Klein sighed with emotion and lampooned. Then, he looked down at the candle behind the headless woman. He was disappointed to find that no other spirit had emerged.

He had originally imagined that many spirit world creatures would be willing to be his messenger as they swarmed over, having to form a line to be interviewed. In the end, only one had responded.

It should be a problem with the summoning ritual itself. It’s considered a relatively simple and basic summoning ceremony, so it’s impossible to summon multiple targets at once… Klein looked at the headless lady and solemnly nodded.

“Yes.”

Without waiting for the other party to speak, he added another question.

“Can you roam the spirit world at a relatively fast speed? How good is your survivability?”

The head which the headless lady lifted answered, “Yes. Not… bad.”

As she spoke, she floated upwards and then quickly descended, displaying her speed.

Phew… Klein decided to stop making attempts which led to unknown results. He asked in a serious manner, “Are you willing to sign a contract and become my messenger?”

The headless woman’s dress fluttered slightly, and her four heads with blonde hair and red eyes nodded at the same time.

“Yes. Every time… One… gold coin.”














556 Discriminatory Treatment
Lord of the mysteries

There’s a problem with the radio transceiver? It’s connected to an evil spirit? Danitz decided to yell for Gehrman Sparrow the moment he discovered anything amiss.

As he approached the radio transceiver, he saw several lines of ancient Feysac on the illusory sheet of paper.

“Hello.

“I sense a familiar but unique aura, but it’s about to dissipate.”

“… Hello.” Danitz attempted a response. “Who are you?”

The radio transceiver produced its clickety-clack again, spitting out a piece of white paper.

“My name is Arrodes.

“In exchange, you have to answer one of my questions.”

A question? This strange radio transceiver is a little interesting… Danitz cleared his throat.

“You can ask, but I might not answer.”

Hehe, you think I’m the kind of adventurer or archaeologist who ends up killing himself because of curiosity? Danitz thought with both caution and pride.

It took a few seconds for the radio transceiver to produce its clickety-clack again. An illusory piece of white paper was spat out with red words on it: “Do you have a secret crush on your Captain?”

… No! Don’t speak nonsense! Who? Who told you that? Danitz’s face instantly reddened.

He felt at a loss to have the secret that had been buried deep in his heart for so many years revealed so suddenly. He was embarrassed and ashamed at the same time and subconsciously wanted to deny it.

But at the same time, he was also shocked and confused as to how this matter had been discovered by an outsider. He had never told anyone, and he had kept this secret very well hidden!

Danitz opened his mouth, forced a smile, and said, “What a silly question, I refuse to answer!”

The radio transceiver produced its clickety-clack and spat out more white paper.

“Then let’s change the question.

“If you really don’t like her, who can endure such dry and boring lessons? Isn’t that right?”

“No! It’s because I’m not strong enough to beat her!” Danitz blurted out, his expression twisted.

The clacking of the radio transceiver became increasingly brisker and the words on the illusory white paper increased.

“A lie.

“Let’s change the question.

“The type of female you like is beautiful, powerful, mysterious, intelligent, and someone who is able to step over you, right?”

“…”

Danitz’s lips quivered as he felt as though flames were seemingly rising from his body and smoke was billowing from his head.

At this moment, he felt his state of mind explode. It was as if someone had stripped him naked and tossed him into a busy street.

Subconsciously, he looked around in panic, searching and avoiding the gazes that might be cast on him.

Then, he saw that the bedroom door had opened at some point. Gehrman Sparrow stood there quietly in his white shirt which hadn’t been tucked in and his rather loose black trousers. It was unknown how long he had been watching.

“You, when did you come out?” Danitz stuttered, his face blank.

Please tell me that you just opened the door! He prayed inwardly.

Klein walked over to the radio receiver that had become paranormal and answered calmly, “From the beginning.”

As a Seer, how could I not have sensed the strange activity outside? Even in my sleep, I’ll still have my spiritual intuition… Klein chuckled inwardly.

Danitz’s face instantly turned ashen. He turned his body in a half-circle and rushed toward the radio transceiver that seemed to be possessed by an evil spirit, in a bid to rip up the illusory white paper with the three questions.

But his hand went through the words without him grabbing onto anything.

A scarlet-red fireball formed in his palm again as he thought of blowing up the damn radio transceiver.

At this moment, Gehrman Sparrow’s cold gaze swept over him.

… Right, this is his… Danitz froze, looking at Gehrman Sparrow step past him and stop in front of the unusual radio transceiver.


